# Banksters
Description: Online platform for individual clients trading with stocks through brokerage cash account


Used technologies: SPRING / HIBERNATE / THYMELEAF / SQL


SQL scripts for populating some of the tables

1. SQL script with data for table COMPANIES:

INSERT INTO banksters_db.companies (id, brands_url, description, employees, founded, headquarters, industry, logo_url, name, revenues, website) VALUES ('06476de0-f35d-4584-b2cb-db1ffe1546f4', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1594591890/Java%20Project/rbisrfdnb7gxnaemmjdx.jpg', 'Heineken N.V. is involved in the brewing and selling of beer. The Company operates through five segments: Africa, Middle East & Eastern Europe; Americas; Asia Pacific, Europe, and Head Office and Other/eliminations. The Africa, Middle East and Eastern Europe segment includes brands, such as Heineken, Primus, Amstel, Walia and Goldberg. The Americas segment includes brands, such as Heineken, Tecate, Amstel, Sol and Dos Equis. The Asia Pacific segment includes brands, such as Heineken, Anchor, Larue, Tiger and Bintang. The Europe segment includes brands, such as Heineken, Cruzcampo, Birra Moretti, Zywiec and Strongbow Apple Ciders. The Company owns, markets and sells more than 250 brands in more than 190 countries. Amstel''s host of brand extensions available includes Amstel Light, Amstel Lager, Amstel Premium Pilsener, Amstel Bright and Amstel Radler. Strongbow Apple Ciders'' range of flavors is based on apple, including Gold Apple, Honey, Red Berries, Elderflower and Dark Fruit.', '85 000 (2019)', '15 February 1864', 'Amsterdam,  Netherlands', 'Beverage', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1594591887/Java%20Project/nbehaetry1yw6pjuypq4.png', 'Heineken N.V. ', '24 billion EUR (2019)', 'theheinekencompany.com');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.companies (id, brands_url, description, employees, founded, headquarters, industry, logo_url, name, revenues, website) VALUES ('2574dad2-b092-4744-a0ca-ff801c7ce0c8', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1594589881/Java%20Project/tuabyjbwsai2xuzwrxdc.jpg', 'The Estee Lauder Companies Inc. manufactures and markets skin care, makeup, fragrance and hair care products. The Company offers products, including skin care, makeup, fragrance, hair care and other. The Company operates in beauty products segment. The Company''s products are sold in over 150 countries and territories under brand names, including Estee Lauder, Aramis, Clinique, Prescriptives, Lab Series, Origins, Tommy Hilfiger, MAC, Kiton, La Mer, Bobbi Brown, Donna Karan New York, DKNY, Aveda, Michael Kors, Darphin, Tom Ford, Smashbox, Ermenegildo Zegna, AERIN, Tory Burch, RODIN olio lusso, Le Labo, Editions de Parfums Frederic Malle, GLAMGLOW, By Kilian, BECCA and Too Faced. Its skin care products include moisturizers, serums, cleansers, toners, body care, exfoliators, acne and oil correctors, facial masks, cleansing devices and sun care products. The company sells its products through department stores, specialty-multi retailers, upscale perfumeries and pharmacies, salons and spas. On November 16, 1995, The Estée Lauder Companies went public on the New York Stock Exchange at $26.00 a share ($6.50 on a post-split basis).', '40 000 (2019)', '1946', 'New York City, US', 'Cosmetics', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1594589880/Java%20Project/ksniebksk8fgmxuy5klj.jpg', 'Estee Lauder', '14.98 billion USD (2019)', 'www.elcompanies.com');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.companies (id, brands_url, description, employees, founded, headquarters, industry, logo_url, name, revenues, website) VALUES ('2737ba7f-7732-40db-b730-28b44d72adac', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1594589481/Java%20Project/cll2c6aqrq2un5tdjwt2.png', 'Mondelez International, Inc., through its subsidiaries, manufactures, markets, and sells snack food and beverage products worldwide. It offers biscuits, including cookies, crackers, and salted snacks; chocolates; and gums and candies, as well as various cheese and grocery, and powdered beverage products. The company''s snack brand portfolio includes Cadbury, Milka, and Toblerone chocolates; Oreo, belVita, and LU biscuits; Halls candies; and Trident gums and Tang powdered beverages. It serves supermarket chains, wholesalers, supercenters, club stores, mass merchandisers, distributors, convenience stores, gasoline stations, drug stores, value stores, and other retail food outlets through direct store delivery, company-owned and satellite warehouses, distribution centers. The company was formerly known as Kraft Foods Inc. and changed its name to Mondelez International, Inc. in October 2012. Mondelez International, Inc. was incorporated in 2000 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.', '80 000 (2019)', '2 October 2012', 'Chicago, Illinois,  U.S.', 'Food processing', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1594589480/Java%20Project/s31glzyyycrzwgkkko5h.png', 'Mondelez International, Inc.', '$25.87 billion (2019)', 'mondelezinternational.com');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.companies (id, brands_url, description, employees, founded, headquarters, industry, logo_url, name, revenues, website) VALUES ('3b0a7a7c-6f4e-4284-8db6-9cca7e83ab11', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1594587622/Java%20Project/oqav9fao1dyk7m4dhbpm.webp', 'Johnson & Johnson is a holding company, which is engaged in the research and development, manufacture and sale of a range of products in the healthcare field. It operates through three segments: Consumer, Pharmaceutical and Medical Devices. Its primary focus is products related to human health and well-being. The Consumer segment includes a range of products used in the baby care, oral care, skin care, over-the-counter pharmaceutical, women''s health and wound care markets. The Pharmaceutical segment is focused on five therapeutic areas, including immunology, infectious diseases, neuroscience, oncology, and cardiovascular and metabolic diseases. The Medical Devices segment includes a range of products used in the orthopedic, surgery, cardiovascular, diabetes care and vision care fields. Its research facilities are located in the United States, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Israel, Japan, the Netherlands, Singapore, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. The company completed its IPO and became a public company in 1944.', '132 200 (2019)', 'January 1886', 'New Brunswick, New Jersey, U.S.', ' Pharmaceutical, Medical devices, Consumer healthcare', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1594587618/Java%20Project/pplb9mob8c7txo1thwkt.png', 'Johnson & Johnson', '82.059 billion USD (2019)', 'www.jnj.com');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.companies (id, brands_url, description, employees, founded, headquarters, industry, logo_url, name, revenues, website) VALUES ('3bfa3d08-9f53-4c74-89a4-68357e511e32', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1594590239/Java%20Project/e1s0rt57qbsvmmsndqrz.jpg', 'Nestle S.A. is a nutrition, health and wellness company. The Company''s segments are Zone Europe, Middle East and North Africa (EMENA); Zone Americas (AMS); Zone Asia, Oceania and sub-Saharan Africa (AOA); Nestle Waters; Nestle Nutrition, and Other Businesses. The Company operates in the United States, Greater China Region, Switzerland and Rest of the World. The Company''s product categories include powered and liquid beverages; water; milk products and ice cream; nutrition and health science; prepared dishes and cooking aids; confectionery, and PetCare. Its other business activities include the operations of Nestle Professional, Nespresso, Nestle Health Science and Nestle Skin Health. It operates in approximately 190 countries throughout the world. It has sales in various countries, including the United States, Greater China Region, Brazil, Mexico, Germany, the United Kingdom, Italy, Canada, France, Turkey, Ukraine, Georgia, Hungary, Malta, Romania, Spain and Switzerland.', '291 000 (2019)', '1866', 'Vevey, Vaud, Switzerland', 'Food processing', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1594590237/Java%20Project/tmlvxqgg8al9pvcah2pw.jpg', 'Nestlé S.A.', '95.3 billions USD (2019)', 'www.nestle.com');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.companies (id, brands_url, description, employees, founded, headquarters, industry, logo_url, name, revenues, website) VALUES ('501094cd-d739-486f-92ea-d2c4ff19a8ff', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1592761278/Java%20Project/idkd9sfc13mpdyymyusj.jpg', 'NIKE, Inc. is engaged in the design, development, marketing and selling of athletic footwear, apparel, equipment, accessories and services. The Company''s operating segments include North America, Western Europe, Central & Eastern Europe, Greater China, Japan and Emerging Markets. Its portfolio brands include the NIKE Brand, Jordan Brand, Hurley and Converse. As of May 31, 2016, the Company focused its NIKE brand product offerings in nine categories: Running, NIKE Basketball, the Jordan Brand, Football (Soccer), Men''s Training, Women''s Training, Action Sports, Sportswear (its sports-inspired lifestyle products) and Golf. Men''s Training includes its baseball and American football product offerings. It also markets products designed for kids, as well as for other athletic and recreational uses, such as cricket, lacrosse, tennis, volleyball, wrestling, walking and outdoor activities. The Company sells a range of performance equipment and accessories under the NIKE Brand name. The company went public in December 1988.', '76 700 (2019)', '25.01.1964', 'Washington County, Oregon, US', 'Apparel, Accessories, Sports equipment', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1592761277/Java%20Project/u86zjfznrvq67zh2qluy.png', 'Nike Inc.', '39.1 billion USD (2019)', 'nike.com');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.companies (id, brands_url, description, employees, founded, headquarters, industry, logo_url, name, revenues, website) VALUES ('89cc4ac9-7e8f-4d2d-9942-ba68f53c086a', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1594589658/Java%20Project/pmyglwyswa8f0rxf1asq.png', 'The Procter & Gamble Company provides branded consumer packaged goods to consumers in North and Latin America, Europe, the Asia Pacific, Greater China, India, the Middle East and Africa. It operates in five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care; and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. It offers products under the brands, such as Olay, Old Spice, Safeguard, Head & Shoulders, Pantene, Rejoice, Mach3, Prestobarba, Venus, Cascade, Dawn, Febreze, Mr. Clean, Bounty and Charmin. Products are sold through mass merchandisers, e-commerce, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, wholesalers, baby stores, specialty beauty stores and pharmacies. Procter & Gamble Company is registered under the ticker NYSE:PG . Their stock opened with $100.00 in its Jan 13, 1978 IPO.', '97 000 (2019)', '31 October 1837', ' Cincinnati, Ohio, United States', 'Consumer goods', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1594589657/Java%20Project/in1lug2n5iob9l2yannj.png', 'Procter & Gamble (P&G)', '67.68 billion USD (2019)', 'pg.com');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.companies (id, brands_url, description, employees, founded, headquarters, industry, logo_url, name, revenues, website) VALUES ('8a3b9239-7774-4052-9675-cf1960a76f4f', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1594590091/Java%20Project/oa1vcqpyp5jppmpbhypp.jpg', 'Colgate-Palmolive Company manufactures and sells consumer products worldwide. It operates through two segments, Oral, Personal and Home Care; and Pet Nutrition. The Oral, Personal and Home Care segment products include toothpaste, toothbrushes, mouthwash, bar and liquid hand soaps, shower gels, shampoos, conditioners, deodorants and antiperspirants, skin health products, dishwashing detergents, fabric conditioners, household cleaners, and other similar items. This segment markets and sells its products to various retailers, wholesalers, and distributors. The Pet Nutrition segment offers pet nutrition products for everyday nutritional needs; and a range of therapeutic products to manage disease conditions in dogs and cats. Company`s principal global and regional trademarks include Colgate, Palmolive, elmex, meridol, Tom''s of Maine, Sorriso, Hello, Speed Stick, Lady Speed Stick, Softsoap, Irish Spring, Protex, Sanex, Filorga, Elta MD, PCA Skin, Ajax, Fabuloso, Soupline, and Suavitel.', '34 300 (2019)', '1806', 'New York, United States', 'Consumer goods', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1594590090/Java%20Project/odqiycuxzakeuml2no2z.jpg', 'Colgate-Palmolive', '15.693 billion USD (2019)', 'colgatepalmolive.com');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.companies (id, brands_url, description, employees, founded, headquarters, industry, logo_url, name, revenues, website) VALUES ('9ceb4142-d5af-400f-ad69-291f98a85e2e', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1592760202/Java%20Project/ahh726ah8d17kh2j5lzp.png', 'The Coca-Cola Company is a beverage company. The Company owns or licenses and markets non-alcoholic beverage brands, primarily sparkling beverages and a range of still beverages, such as waters, flavored waters and enhanced waters, juices and juice drinks, ready-to-drink teas and coffees, sports drinks, dairy and energy drinks. The Company''s segments include Europe, Middle East and Africa; Latin America; North America; Asia Pacific; Bottling Investments, and Corporate. The Company owns and markets a range of non-alcoholic sparkling beverage brands, including Coca-Cola, Diet Coke, Fanta and Sprite. The Company owns or licenses and markets over 500 non-alcoholic beverage brands. The Company markets, manufactures and sells beverage concentrates, which are referred to as beverage bases, and syrups, including fountain syrups, and finished sparkling and still beverages. Coca-Cola''s initial public offering (IPO) was on Sept. 5, 1919. Shares of the company were first sold at $40 per share.', '86 200 (2019)', '29.01.1892', 'Atlanta, Georgia, United States', 'Beverages', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1592760200/Java%20Project/o5yf7gwr9a3ltdxdsrwk.jpg', 'The Coca-Cola Company', ' 37.27 billion USD (2019)', 'Coca-ColaCompany.com ');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.companies (id, brands_url, description, employees, founded, headquarters, industry, logo_url, name, revenues, website) VALUES ('cd87936d-cc48-4987-b0fd-1efb55e2345d', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1596966765/Java%20Project/591b5cb460650afc318b4683_go72tf.jpg', 'L''Oréal S.A. manufactures and sells cosmetic products for women and men worldwide. The company operates through four divisions: Consumer Products, L''oréal Luxe, Professional Products, and Active Cosmetics. It offers shampoos, hair care products, shower gels, skin care products, cleansers, hair colors, styling products, deodorants, sun care products, make-up, perfumes, etc. The company provides its products under the L''Oréal Paris, Garnier, Maybelline New York, NYX Professional Makeup Professional Makeup, Essie, Niely, Dark and Lovely, Lancôme, Yves Saint Laurent Beauté, Giorgio Armani Beauty, Kiehl''s, Urban Decay, Biotherm, Ralph Lauren, IT Cosmetics, L''Oréal Professionnel, Kérastase, Redken, Matrix, Biolage, Pureology, Decléor, Carita, Vichy, La Roche-Posay, SkinCeuticals, and Roger&Gallet brands. It sells its products through distribution channels, such as hair salons, mass-market retail channels, perfumeries, department stores, pharmacies, drugstores, medispas, branded retail and e-commerce.', '87 907 (2019)', '30 July 1909', 'Clichy,  France', 'Cosmetics', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1594590661/Java%20Project/iuq5msnpxorseietcje6.jpg', 'L''Oréal S.A.', '29.87 billion EUR (2019)', 'loreal.com');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.companies (id, brands_url, description, employees, founded, headquarters, industry, logo_url, name, revenues, website) VALUES ('cf3e5480-8971-492f-b1ee-216b4d43cdc1', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1592761039/Java%20Project/sst1ibiksvswovpjjcgu.jpg', 'PepsiCo, Inc. operates as a food and beverage company worldwide. It offers branded dips, cheese-flavored snacks, and tortillas, as well as corn, potato, and tortilla chips; cereals, rice, pasta, mixes and syrups, granola bars, grits, oat squares, oatmeal, rice cakes, simply granola, and side dishes; beverage concentrates, fountain syrups, and finished goods; ready-to-drink tea, coffee, and juices; and dairy products. The company provides its products primarily under the Cheetos, Doritos, Fritos, Lay''s, Ruffles, Tostitos, Gatorade, Mountain Dew, Pepsi, 7UP and Mirinda brands. It serves wholesale and other distributors, foodservice customers, grocery stores, drug stores, convenience stores, discount/dollar stores, mass merchandisers, membership stores, hard discounters, e-commerce retailers and authorized independent bottlers. The company was founded in 1898 and is headquartered in Purchase, New York. After 39 years trading on the New York Stock Exchange, PepsiCo moved its shares to Nasdaq on December 20, 2017.', '267 000 (2019)', '28.08.1898', 'Harrison, New York, United States', 'Beverages', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1592761038/Java%20Project/kb20z11bmmnra0hqboux.jpg', 'PepsiCo', '67.16 billion USD (2019)', 'PepsiCo.com');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.companies (id, brands_url, description, employees, founded, headquarters, industry, logo_url, name, revenues, website) VALUES ('f72790e4-6179-433f-b976-f575d682e923', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1594590407/Java%20Project/xhf5ctgr7b9qdec3wcv4.jpg', 'The Unilever Group, together with its subsidiaries, operates in the fast-moving consumer goods industry worldwide. It operates through three segments: Beauty & Personal Care, Foods & Refreshment, and Home Care. The Beauty & Personal Care segment offers skin care and hair care products, deodorants, and skin cleansing products under the Axe, Clear, Dove, Lifebuoy, Lux, Pond''s, Rexona, Signal, Suave, Sunsilk, TRESemmé, and Vaseline brands. The Foods & Refreshment segment offers soups, bouillons, seasonings, sauces, mayonnaise, ketchup, ice cream, and tea categories. This segment offers its products under the Ben & Jerry''s, Breyers, Brooke Bond, Heart (Wall''s), Hellmann''s, Knorr, Lipton, Magnum, Pukka, Sir Kensington''s, and Unilever Food Solutions brands. The Home Care segment offers fabric solutions, home care products, and hygiene products under the Cif, Dirt is Good, Omo, Persil, Domestos, Seventh Generation, and Sunlight brands. ', '155 000 (2019)', '2 September 1929', 'London, England, UK; Rotterdam, Netherlands', 'Consumer goods', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1594590406/Java%20Project/ug52hxcxm7oegwtq5brj.png', 'Unilever', '51.980 billion EUR (2019)', 'www.unilever.com');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.companies (id, brands_url, description, employees, founded, headquarters, industry, logo_url, name, revenues, website) VALUES ('f72a27b9-2ef5-4dfa-ab32-0448af154f9b', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1592761179/Java%20Project/adzzeszvoggmazvqgsfb.png', 'Amazon.com, Inc. engages in the retail sale of consumer products and subscriptions in North America and internationally. The company operates through three segments: North America, International, and Amazon Web Services (AWS). It sells merchandise and content purchased for resale from third-party sellers through physical and online stores. The company also manufactures and sells electronic devices, including Kindle and develops and produces media content. In addition, it offers programs that enable sellers to sell their products on its Websites, as well as its stores; and programs that allow authors, musicians, filmmakers, skill and app developers, and others to publish and sell content. Further, the company provides compute, storage, database, and other AWS services, as well as fulfillment, advertising, publishing, and digital content subscriptions. Amazon.com, Inc. was founded in 1994 and is headquartered in Seattle, Washington. Amazon.com Inc. held its initial public offering (IPO) on the Nasdaq on May 15, 1997, at a price of $18 per share.', '798 000 (2019)', '05.07.1994', 'Seattle, Washington and Arlington, Virginia, US', 'Technnology, Stores', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1592761177/Java%20Project/odvdo1pea4v2ikrnjpm3.jpg', 'Amazon.com, Inc.', '87.4 billion USD (2019)', 'www.amazon.com');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.companies (id, brands_url, description, employees, founded, headquarters, industry, logo_url, name, revenues, website) VALUES ('f8b384af-2b73-4031-b2ae-68b67bba6b3f', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1592761376/Java%20Project/djhsupwkqectkx3a44sf.png', 'The Walt Disney Company operates as an entertainment company worldwide. The company''s Media Networks segment operates domestic cable networks under the Disney, ESPN, Freeform, FX, and National Geographic brands; and television broadcast network under the ABC brand, as well as eight owned domestic television stations. This segment is also involved in the television production and distribution; and operation of National Geographic magazines. Its Parks, Experiences and Products segment operates theme parks and resorts. The company''s Studio Entertainment segment produces and distributes motion pictures under the Walt Disney Pictures, Twentieth Century Fox, Marvel, Lucasfilm, Pixar, Fox Searchlight Pictures, and Blue Sky Studios banners; develops, produces, and licenses live entertainment events; produces and distributes music; and provides post-production services, including visual and audio effects. The company was founded in 1923 and is based in Burbank, California. Although Disney issued over-the-counter stock (as Walt Disney Productions) in 1940, it was not until November 12, 1957 that Goldman Sachs co-led the Disney IPO at a share price of US$13.88 on the New York Stock Exchange.', '223 000 (2019)', '16.10.1923', 'Burbank, California, US', 'Mass media, Entertainment', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1592761441/Java%20Project/uk4kbg8cpl6pup9u6fnz.jpg', 'The Walt Disney Company ', '69.57 billion USD (2019)', 'thewaltdisneycompany.com');

2. SQL script for table STOCKS:

INSERT INTO banksters_db.stocks (id, apr, aug, name, currency, december, description, ex_dividend_date, exchange, feb, forward_dividend_and_yield, included_in_index, jan, jul, jun, logo_url, mar, may, min_traded_qty, nov, oct, previous_day_closing_price, sep, ticker_code, year) VALUES ('05217cbe-a345-4469-b038-0b98aa98d699', 185.89, null, 'McDonald''s Corporation', 'USD', null, 'McDonald''s Corporation (McDonald''s) operates and franchises McDonald''s restaurants. The Company''s restaurants serve a locally relevant menu of food and drinks sold at various price points in over 100 countries. The Company''s segments include U.S., International Lead Markets, High Growth Markets, and Foundational Markets and Corporate. The U.S. segment focuses on offering a platform for authentic ingredients that allows customers to customize their sandwiches. Its High Growth Markets segment includes its operations in markets, such as China, Italy, Korea, Poland, Russia, Spain, Switzerland, the Netherlands and related markets. The International Lead markets segment includes the Company''s operations in various markets, such as Australia, Canada, France, Germany, the United Kingdom and related markets. The Foundational markets and Corporate segment is engaged in operating restaurants and increasing convenience to customers, including through drive-thru and delivery.', 'May 28, 2020', 'NYSE', 194.17, '5.00 (2.71%)', 'DJIA, S&P 100, S&P 500', 213.97, 184.88, 184.47, 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1594640932/Java%20Project/ym8glxqzzow9poocnqp4.png', 165.35, 186.32, '1', null, null, 184.88, null, 'MCD', '2020');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.stocks (id, apr, aug, name, currency, december, description, ex_dividend_date, exchange, feb, forward_dividend_and_yield, included_in_index, jan, jul, jun, logo_url, mar, may, min_traded_qty, nov, oct, previous_day_closing_price, sep, ticker_code, year) VALUES ('27400cc3-f2a7-42c2-9cab-d6f9b8bb81bb', 292.28, null, 'Nvidia Corporation', 'USD', null, 'Nvidia Corporation focuses on personal computer (PC) graphics, graphics processing unit (GPU) and also on artificial intelligence (AI). It operates through two segments: GPU and Tegra Processor. Its GPU product brands are aimed at specialized markets, including GeForce for gamers; Quadro for designers; Tesla and DGX for AI data scientists and big data researchers; and GRID for cloud-based visual computing users. Its Tegra brand integrates an entire computer onto a single chip, and incorporates GPUs and multi-core central processing units (CPUs) to drive supercomputing for mobile gaming and entertainment devices, as well as autonomous robots, drones and cars. The Company''s processor has created platforms that address four markets: Gaming, Professional Visualization, Datacenter, and Automotive. Its offerings include NVIDIA DGX AI supercomputer, the NVIDIA DRIVE AI car computing platform and the GeForce NOW cloud gaming service.', 'Jun 03, 2020', 'NASDAQ', 270.07, '0.64 (0.15%)', 'NASDAQ-100 , S&P 100, S&P 500', 236.43, 419.17, 379.91, 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1594639255/Java%20Project/iazajnw3fty20nyperyg.png', 263.60, 355.02, '1', null, null, 419.17, null, 'NVDA', '2020');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.stocks (id, apr, aug, name, currency, december, description, ex_dividend_date, exchange, feb, forward_dividend_and_yield, included_in_index, jan, jul, jun, logo_url, mar, may, min_traded_qty, nov, oct, previous_day_closing_price, sep, ticker_code, year) VALUES ('2a701493-5fb8-499e-999f-56a26bcb586b', 112.14, null, 'Vodafone Group plc', 'GBP', null, 'Vodafone Group Plc is a telecommunications company whose business is organized into two geographic regions: Europe, and Africa, Middle East and Asia Pacific (AMAP). The company offers mobile services that enable customers to call, text, and access data; fixed line services, including broadband, television (TV) offerings, and voice. It also provides mobile, fixed, and a suite of converged communication services, such as Internet of Things (IoT) comprising managed IoT connectivity, automotive, and insurance services, as well as smart metering and health solutions; public and private cloud services, as well as cloud-based applications and products for securing networks and devices. As of March 31, 2019, it had approximately 650 million mobile customers, 19 million fixed broadband customers, and 14 million TV customers. The company was founded in 1984 and is headquartered in Newbury, the United Kingdom.', 'Jun 10, 2020', 'LSE', 134.36, '0.97 (6.29%)', 'FTSE 100,  NASDAQ 100', 149.30, 123.42, 128.86, 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1592768205/Java%20Project/itqwq9vb3vrfxlasr01o.jpg', 113.00, 133.02, '1', null, null, 123.42, null, 'VOD', '2020');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.stocks (id, apr, aug, name, currency, december, description, ex_dividend_date, exchange, feb, forward_dividend_and_yield, included_in_index, jan, jul, jun, logo_url, mar, may, min_traded_qty, nov, oct, previous_day_closing_price, sep, ticker_code, year) VALUES ('3a3f43f8-601e-4512-88bc-b0dee44c7b1d', 274.97, null, 'Mastercard Inc.', 'USD', null, 'Mastercard Incorporated is a technology company that connects consumers, financial institutions, merchants, governments and businesses across the world, enabling them to use electronic forms of payment. The Company allows user to make payments by creating a range of payment solutions and services using its brands, which include MasterCard, Maestro and Cirrus. The Company provides a range of products and solutions that support payment products, which customers can offer to their cardholders. The Company''s services facilitate transactions on its core network among account holders, merchants, financial institutions, businesses, governments and other organizations in markets globally. The Company''s products include consumer credit, consumer debit, prepaid and commercial. It also provides integrated offerings such as cyber and intelligence products, information and analytics services, consulting, loyalty and reward programs and processing solutions.', 'Jul 07, 2020', 'NYSE', 290.25, '1.60 (0.54%)', 'S&P 100,  S&P 500 ', 315.94, 295.68, 295.70, 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1594638954/Java%20Project/packbxwa44lemqnjavxs.png', 241.56, 300.89, '1', null, null, 295.68, null, 'MA', '2020');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.stocks (id, apr, aug, name, currency, december, description, ex_dividend_date, exchange, feb, forward_dividend_and_yield, included_in_index, jan, jul, jun, logo_url, mar, may, min_traded_qty, nov, oct, previous_day_closing_price, sep, ticker_code, year) VALUES ('3ec99da0-713f-4120-a413-6c3d9aad281c', 178.72, null, 'Visa Inc.', 'USD', null, 'Visa Inc. (Visa) is a payments technology company that connects consumers, merchants, financial institutions, businesses, strategic partners and government entities to electronic payments. The Company operates through payment services segment. The Company enables global commerce through the transfer of value and information among the participants. The Company''s transaction processing network facilitates authorization, clearing and settlement of payment transactions and enables to provide its financial institution and merchant clients a range of products, platforms and value-added services. The Company is a retail electronic payment network based on payments volume, number of transactions and number of cards in circulation. Its products/services include core products, processing infrastructure, transaction processing services, digital products, merchant products, and risk products and payment security initiatives.', 'May 12, 2020', 'NYSE', 181.76, '1.20 (0.62%)', 'DJIA,  S&P 100,  S&P 500 ', 198.97, 192.55, 193.17, 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1592766727/Java%20Project/mb6ryssoo8tvaji6l84l.jpg', 161.12, 195.24, '1', null, null, 192.55, null, 'V', '2020');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.stocks (id, apr, aug, name, currency, december, description, ex_dividend_date, exchange, feb, forward_dividend_and_yield, included_in_index, jan, jul, jun, logo_url, mar, may, min_traded_qty, nov, oct, previous_day_closing_price, sep, ticker_code, year) VALUES ('4bcf8fa5-6b4b-4dfe-a9e5-0e8c37dc6b22', 151.92, null, '3M Company', 'USD', null, '3M Co is a technology company. The Company operates through four segments: Safety and Industrial, Transportation and Electronics, Health Care and Consumer. Safety and Industrial segment consist of personal safety, industrial adhesives and tapes, abrasives, closure and masking systems, electrical markets, automotive aftermarket, and roofing granules. Transportation and Electronics segment consists of electronics, including display materials and systems, electronic materials solutions, automotive and aerospace, commercial solutions, advanced materials, and transportation safety. Health Care segment’s products and services include medical and surgical supplies, skin health and infection prevention products, oral care solutions, separation and purification sciences, health information systems and food safety products. Consumer segment serves consumers and consists of home improvement, stationery and office supplies, home care and consumer health care.', 'May 20, 2020', 'NYSE', 149.24, '5.88 (3.88%)', 'DJIA, S&P 100, S&P 500', 158.66, 154.92, 155.99, 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1594650563/Java%20Project/so69zklxxffudbrbdw4p.jpg', 137.74, 156.44, '1', null, null, 155.04, null, 'MMM', '2020');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.stocks (id, apr, aug, name, currency, december, description, ex_dividend_date, exchange, feb, forward_dividend_and_yield, included_in_index, jan, jul, jun, logo_url, mar, may, min_traded_qty, nov, oct, previous_day_closing_price, sep, ticker_code, year) VALUES ('4d916e14-049d-48f2-bda4-b01711af0442', 126.77, null, 'FedEx Corporation', 'USD', null, 'FedEx Corporation (FedEx) provides a portfolio of transportation, e-commerce and business services through companies competing collectively, operating independently and managed collaboratively, under the FedEx brand. The Company''s segments include FedEx Express, TNT Express, FedEx Ground, FedEx Freight and FedEx Services. The FedEx Express segment offers a range of the United States domestic and international shipping services for delivery of packages and freight. TNT Express segment collects, transports and delivers documents, parcels and freight on a day-definite or time-definite basis. The FedEx Ground segment provides business and residential money-back guaranteed ground package delivery services. The FedEx Freight segment offers less-than-truckload (LTL) freight services. The FedEx Services segment provides its other companies with sales, marketing, information technology, communications, customer service and other back-office support.', 'Jun 25, 2020', 'NYSE', 141.17, '2.60 (1.67%)', 'DJIA, S&P 100, S&P 500 ', 144.64, 158.59, 140.22, 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1594641145/Java%20Project/pdzovmi7olr7qpokngpt.jpg', 124.31, 130.56, '1', null, null, 158.59, null, 'FDX', '2020');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.stocks (id, apr, aug, name, currency, december, description, ex_dividend_date, exchange, feb, forward_dividend_and_yield, included_in_index, jan, jul, jun, logo_url, mar, may, min_traded_qty, nov, oct, previous_day_closing_price, sep, ticker_code, year) VALUES ('631e2486-0337-4aa1-bdab-60fba2a6b64a', 57.45, null, 'Verizon Communications Inc.', 'USD', null, 'Verizon Communications Inc. is a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, provides communications, information and entertainment products and services to consumers, businesses and governmental agencies. Its reportable segments are Verizon Consumer Group and Verizon Business Group. Its Consumer segment provides wireless and wireline communications services. Its wireless services are provided across wireless networks in the United States under the Verizon Wireless brand. Its wireline services are provided in nine states in the Mid-Atlantic and Northeastern United States, over its 100% fiber-optic network under the Fios brand and via traditional copper-based network. Its Business segment provides wireless and wireline communications services and products, video and data services, corporate networking solutions, security and managed network services, local and long-distance voice services and network access to deliver various Internet of Things (IoT) services and products.', 'Jul 08, 2020', 'NYSE', 54.16, '2.46 (4.56%)', 'DJIA, S&P 100, S&P 500', 59.44, 54.49, 55.13, 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1594640107/Java%20Project/gk99iq446fty4veuwhxx.jpg', 53.73, 57.38, '1', null, null, 54.49, null, 'VZ', '2020');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.stocks (id, apr, aug, name, currency, december, description, ex_dividend_date, exchange, feb, forward_dividend_and_yield, included_in_index, jan, jul, jun, logo_url, mar, may, min_traded_qty, nov, oct, previous_day_closing_price, sep, ticker_code, year) VALUES ('7e99ad1b-7cde-4f5a-8f6e-26470b0ce377', 72.55, null, 'Starbucks Corporation ', 'USD', null, 'Starbucks Corporation is a roaster, marketer and retailer of coffee. The Company operates in 75 countries. The Company operates through four segments: Americas, which is inclusive of the United States, Canada, and Latin America; China/Asia Pacific (CAP); Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA), and Channel Development. The Company''s Americas, CAP, and EMEA segments include both company-operated and licensed stores. Its Channel Development segment includes roasted whole bean and ground coffees, Tazo teas, Starbucks- and Tazo-branded single-serve products, a range of ready-to-drink beverages, such as Frappuccino, Starbucks Doubleshot and Starbucks Refreshers beverages and other branded products sold across the world through channels, such as grocery stores, warehouse clubs, specialty retailers, convenience stores and the United States foodservice accounts. As of October 30, 2019, the company operated approximately 31,000 stores. Starbucks Corporation was founded in 1971 and is based in Seattle, Washington.', 'Aug 05, 2020', 'NASDAQ', 78.43, '1.64 (2.23%)', 'NASDAQ 100,  S&P 100,  S&P 500 ', 84.83, 74.29, 73.59, 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1592766637/Java%20Project/llip6px1ltlisj6g1jsg.jpg', 65.74, 77.99, '1', null, null, 74.29, null, 'SBUX', '2020');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.stocks (id, apr, aug, name, currency, december, description, ex_dividend_date, exchange, feb, forward_dividend_and_yield, included_in_index, jan, jul, jun, logo_url, mar, may, min_traded_qty, nov, oct, previous_day_closing_price, sep, ticker_code, year) VALUES ('97d392eb-64ab-4471-8394-cfae6f2bc2b6', 121.55, null, 'Walmart Inc.', 'USD', null, 'Walmart Inc. was founded in 1945 and is based in Bentonville, Arkansas. It engages in the retail and wholesale and operates supercenters, supermarkets, hypermarkets, warehouse clubs, cash and carry stores, discount stores, drugstores, and convenience stores. The company offers grocery products, including meat, produce, natural and organics, deli and bakery, dairy, frozen foods, alcoholic and nonalcoholic beverages, and floral and dry grocery, as well as consumables, such as health and beauty aids, baby products, household chemicals, paper goods, and pet supplies; and health and wellness products. It also provides electronics, cameras and supplies, photo processing services, wireless, movies, music, video games, and books; stationery, automotive, hardware and paint, sporting goods, and outdoor living and horticulture; apparel, shoes, jewelry, and accessories; home furnishings, housewares and small appliances, bedding, home decor, toys, fabrics, crafts, and seasonal merchandise, as well as brand name merchandise.', 'Aug 12, 2020', 'NYSE', 107.68, '2.16 (1.69%)', 'DJIA,  S&P 100,  S&P 500', 114.49, 130.68, 119.78, 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1594593456/Java%20Project/fcfifwikoudt0acih43v.jpg', 113.62, 124.06, '1', null, null, 130.68, null, 'WMT', '2020');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.stocks (id, apr, aug, name, currency, december, description, ex_dividend_date, exchange, feb, forward_dividend_and_yield, included_in_index, jan, jul, jun, logo_url, mar, may, min_traded_qty, nov, oct, previous_day_closing_price, sep, ticker_code, year) VALUES ('9ed21619-ddc5-4bae-a963-220d225feeff', 46.47, null, 'Exxon Mobil Corp.', 'USD', null, 'Exxon Mobil Corporation is engaged in energy business. The Company is engaged in the exploration, production, transportation and sale of crude oil and natural gas, and the manufacture, transportation and sale of petroleum products. The Company also manufactures and markets commodity petrochemicals, including olefins, aromatics, polyethylene and polypropylene plastics, and a range of specialty products. The Company''s segments include Upstream, Downstream, Chemical, and Corporate and Financing. The Upstream segment operates to explore for and produce crude oil and natural gas. The Downstream operates to manufacture and sell petroleum products. The Chemical segment operates to manufacture and sell petrochemicals. The Company has exploration and development activities in projects located in the United States, Canada/South America, Europe, Africa, Asia and Australia/Oceania.', 'May 11, 2020', 'NYSE', 51.44, '3.48 (8.41%)', 'DJIA, S&P 100, S&P 500', 62.12, 42.65, 44.72, 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1594640735/Java%20Project/s6c8vii7q8wh4e16fzwp.jpg', 37.97, 45.47, '1', null, null, 42.65, null, 'XOM', '2020');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.stocks (id, apr, aug, name, currency, december, description, ex_dividend_date, exchange, feb, forward_dividend_and_yield, included_in_index, jan, jul, jun, logo_url, mar, may, min_traded_qty, nov, oct, previous_day_closing_price, sep, ticker_code, year) VALUES ('a02166f6-40d6-4301-97e1-9d0e644e4227', 419.85, null, 'Netflix, Inc.', 'USD', null, 'Netflix, Inc. provides subscription streaming entertainment service. The Company operates through three segments: Domestic streaming, International streaming and Domestic DVD. The Domestic streaming segment includes services that streams content to its members in the United States. The International streaming segment includes services that streams content to its members outside the United States. The Domestic DVD segment includes services, such as digital optical disc (DVD)-by-mail. The Company''s members can watch original series, documentaries, feature films, as well as television shows and movies directly on their Internet-connected screen, televisions, computers and mobile devices. It offers its streaming services both domestically and internationally. In the United States, its members can receive DVDs delivered to their homes. The company has approximately 167 million paid members in 190 countries. Netflix, Inc. was founded in 1997 and is headquartered in Los Gatos, California.', 'N/A', 'NASDAQ', 369.03, 'N/A(N/A)', 'NASDAQ-100, S&P 100, S&P 500 ', 345.09, 548.73, 455.04, 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1594639754/Java%20Project/ttzwtfsfa57yqn243caz.jpg', 375.50, 419.73, '1', null, null, 548.73, null, 'NFLX', '2020');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.stocks (id, apr, aug, name, currency, december, description, ex_dividend_date, exchange, feb, forward_dividend_and_yield, included_in_index, jan, jul, jun, logo_url, mar, may, min_traded_qty, nov, oct, previous_day_closing_price, sep, ticker_code, year) VALUES ('b3ed0947-1621-463c-8544-db0eebc72f88', 303.00, null, 'Costco Wholesale Corporation', 'USD', null, 'Costco Wholesale Corporation operates membership warehouses in the United States, Puerto Rico, Canada, the United Kingdom, Mexico, Japan, Korea, Australia, Spain, France, Iceland, China, and Taiwan. It offers branded and private-label products in a range of merchandise categories. The company provides dry and packaged foods, and groceries; snack foods, candies, alcoholic and nonalcoholic beverages, and cleaning supplies; appliances, electronics, health and beauty aids, hardware, and garden and patio products; meat, bakery, and deli products, as well as produce; and apparel and small appliances. It also operates gas stations, pharmacies, optical dispensing centers, food courts, and hearing-aid centers; and offers business delivery, travel, and various other services online in various countries. As of September 1, 2019, the company operated 782 warehouses, including 543 in the United States. Costco Wholesale Corporation was founded in 1976 and is based in Issaquah, Washington.', 'Apr 29, 2020', 'NASDAQ', 281.14, '2.80 (0.86%)', 'NASDAQ-100, S&P 100, S&P 500', 305.52, 327.41, 303.21, 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1594651877/Java%20Project/pqpzwakziuqufcld7zp6.png', 285.13, 308.47, '1', null, null, 327.24, null, 'COST', '2020');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.stocks (id, apr, aug, name, currency, december, description, ex_dividend_date, exchange, feb, forward_dividend_and_yield, included_in_index, jan, jul, jun, logo_url, mar, may, min_traded_qty, nov, oct, previous_day_closing_price, sep, ticker_code, year) VALUES ('bf7e04c5-a824-46ba-ba83-6e47e499dc1c', 42.38, null, 'Cisco Systems Inc.', 'USD', null, 'Cisco Systems, Inc., is engaged in designing and selling a range of technologies across networking, security, collaboration, applications and the cloud. It operates through three geographic segments: Americas; Europe, Middle East, and Africa; and Asia Pacific, Japan, and China. Its product and technologies includes infrastructure platforms; applications; security and other products. It also offers technical support services and advanced services. Infrastructure Platforms consists of its core networking technologies of switching, routing, data center products and wireless that are designed to work together to deliver networking capabilities and transport and store data. Application product category consists primarily of software-related offerings that utilize the core networking and data center platforms to provide their functions. Security product category primarily includes Company’s unified threat management products, advanced threat security products, and web security products.', 'Jul 01, 2020', 'NASDAQ', 39.93, '1.44 (3.08%)', 'NASDAQ-100,  DJIA,  S&P 100,  S&P 500 ', 45.97, 46.66, 46.64, 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1594640107/Java%20Project/gk99iq446fty4veuwhxx.jpg', 39.31, 47.82, '1', null, null, 46.66, null, 'CSCO', '2020');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.stocks (id, apr, aug, name, currency, december, description, ex_dividend_date, exchange, feb, forward_dividend_and_yield, included_in_index, jan, jul, jun, logo_url, mar, may, min_traded_qty, nov, oct, previous_day_closing_price, sep, ticker_code, year) VALUES ('c6bf9bf0-14db-4eeb-af51-0b5aedc8abfd', 30.47, null, 'AT&T Inc.', 'USD', null, 'AT&T Inc. is a holding company. The Company is a provider of telecommunications, media and technology services globally. The Company operates through four segments: Communication segment, WarnerMedia segment, Latin America segment and Xandr segment. The Communications segment provides wireless and wireline telecom, video and broadband services to consumers.The business units of the Communication segment includes Mobility, Entertainment Group and Business Wireline. The WarnerMedia segment develops, produces and distributes feature films, television, gaming and other content over various physical and digital formats. The business units of the WarnerMedia segment includes Turner, Home Box Office and Warner Bros. Latin America segment provides entertainment services in Latin America and wireless services in Mexico. Viro and Mexico are the business units of the Latin America segment. The Xandr segment provides advertising services.', 'Jul 08, 2020', 'NYSE', 35.22, '2.08 (7.04%)', 'S&P 100, S&P 500 ', 37.62, 29.98, 30.23, 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1594650819/Java%20Project/ql9hhtiuoccp06ozxckb.webp', 29.15, 30.86, '1', null, null, 30.01, null, 'T', '2020');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.stocks (id, apr, aug, name, currency, december, description, ex_dividend_date, exchange, feb, forward_dividend_and_yield, included_in_index, jan, jul, jun, logo_url, mar, may, min_traded_qty, nov, oct, previous_day_closing_price, sep, ticker_code, year) VALUES ('cbe2b7b2-df6c-4ae2-9479-af0f512f9ad1', 235.10, null, 'Tesco plc', 'GBP', null, 'Tesco PLC (Tesco) is a retail company. The Company is engaged in the business of Retailing and associated activities (Retail) and Retail banking and insurance services. The Company''s segments include UK & ROI, which includes the United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland; International, which includes Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland, Slovakia, Malaysia and Thailand, and Tesco Bank, which includes retail banking and insurance services through Tesco Bank in the United Kingdom. The Company''s businesses include Tesco UK, Tesco in India, Tesco Malaysia, Tesco Lotus, Tesco Czech Republic, Tesco Hungary, Tesco Ireland, Tesco Poland, Tesco Slovakia, Tesco in China, Tesco Bank and dunnhumby. The Company''s brands include Finest, Exclusively at Tesco, F&F and Fox & Ivy. Finest and Exclusively at Tesco are the two food brands in the United Kingdom. The Company offers a range of personal banking products and services that include credit card receivables, personal current accounts and personal loans.', 'May 20, 2020', 'LSE', 228.50, '0.09 (4.32%)', 'FTSE 100', 246.90, 213.90, 228.10, 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1594644529/Java%20Project/ohbklwbipxwmwur3tv9r.jpg', 228.80, 228.30, '1', null, null, 213.99, null, 'TSCO', '2020');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.stocks (id, apr, aug, name, currency, december, description, ex_dividend_date, exchange, feb, forward_dividend_and_yield, included_in_index, jan, jul, jun, logo_url, mar, may, min_traded_qty, nov, oct, previous_day_closing_price, sep, ticker_code, year) VALUES ('d75228af-0631-4251-8988-58331d1556c2', 131.30, null, 'The Boeing Company', 'USD', null, 'The Boeing Company is an aerospace firm. The Company operates in four segments: Commercial Airplanes (BCA); Defense, Space & Security (BDS); Global Services (BGS), and Boeing Capital (BCC). BCA segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft and provides fleet support services, principally to the commercial airline industry worldwide. BDS segment is engaged in the research, development, production and modification of manned and unmanned military aircraft and weapons systems for strike, surveillance and mobility. BGS segment provides services to commercial and defense customers worldwide. BCC''s segment portfolio consists of equipment under operating leases, finance leases, notes and other receivables and assets held for sale.', 'Feb 12, 2020', 'NYSA', 275.11, 'N/A (N/A)', 'DJIA, S&P 100, S&P 500', 318.27, 175.88, 183.30, 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1594651017/Java%20Project/bmjsrlcuviayrvfsnhez.png', 152.28, 145.85, '1', null, null, 176.20, null, 'BA', '2020');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.stocks (id, apr, aug, name, currency, december, description, ex_dividend_date, exchange, feb, forward_dividend_and_yield, included_in_index, jan, jul, jun, logo_url, mar, may, min_traded_qty, nov, oct, previous_day_closing_price, sep, ticker_code, year) VALUES ('e5d13872-3624-4556-bbd7-0ad4d15bea7c', 1390.00, null, 'Burberry Group PLC ', 'GBP', null, 'Burberry Group plc, together with its subsidiaries, manufactures, retails, and wholesales luxury goods under the Burberry brand. The company operates in two segments, Retail/Wholesale and Licensing. It offers women, men, and children apparels, as well as accessories. The company also licenses third parties to manufacture and distribute products using the Burberry trademarks. It markets its products through Burberry mainline stores, concessions, outlets, digital commerce, Burberry franchisees, department stores, and multi-brand specialty accounts. As of March 28, 2020, the company operated 218 mainline stores, 149 concession stores, 54 outlets, and 44 franchise stores. It operates in the Asia Pacific, Europe, the Middle East, India, Africa, and the Americas. Burberry Group plc was founded in 1856 and is headquartered in London, the United Kingdom.', 'Dec 18, 2019', 'LSE', 1649.00, 'N/A (N/A)', 'FTSE 100 ', 1953.00, 1550.00, 1599.50, 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1592766820/Java%20Project/gmxgez54yvijaplrqqlc.jpg', 1324.50, 1495.50, '1', null, null, 1550.00, null, 'BRBY', '2020');

3. SQL script for table ANALYSES

INSERT INTO banksters_db.analyses (id, company, opportunities, profile, strengths, threats, ticker, weaknesses) VALUES ('073bbbd7-2e2b-4d5d-87cf-f9d3d00b5601', 'Chevron Corporation', 'Increasing fuel/oil prices; Increasing natural gas market; Capital investments in sector; CSR activities; To reposition itself as energy company', 'Chevron manages its investments in subsidiaries and affiliates, and provides administrative, financial, management and technology support to the United States and international subsidiaries that engage in integrated energy and chemicals operations. The Company operates through two business segments: Upstream and Downstream. Upstream operations consist primarily of exploring for, developing and producing crude oil and natural gas; liquefaction, transportation and regasification associated with liquefied natural gas; transporting crude oil by international oil export pipelines; processing, transporting, storage and marketing of natural gas, and a gas-to-liquids plant. Downstream operations consist primarily of refining of crude oil into petroleum products; marketing of crude oil and refined products; transporting of crude oil and refined products, and manufacturing and marketing of commodity petrochemicals.  Chevron Corp was founded in 1879 and is headquartered in San Ramon, California.', 'Financial stability; Global market presence; Big Global Brand', 'Government regulations; High Competition; Fuel Cell and Electric Automobiles', 'CVX', 'Cost of environmental hazards; Declining products and reserves; Legal issues');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.analyses (id, company, opportunities, profile, strengths, threats, ticker, weaknesses) VALUES ('16494973-5db2-4b26-95a2-2dcc16de3fae', 'The Home Depot, Inc.', 'Diversifying product portfolio and catering to more customer needs; The Home Depot exclusively carries several major brands; Global expansion to other countries can help boost business for the company; Acquisition of smaller companies can help Home Depot increase sales', 'The Home Depot, Inc. (The Home Depot) is a home improvement retailer. The Company sells an assortment of building materials, home improvement products, and lawn and garden products, and provides various services. The Home Depot stores serves three primary customer groups: DIY customers, do-it-for-me (DIFM) customers and professional customers. Its DIY customers are home owners purchasing products and completing their own projects and installations. The Company assists these customers with specific product and installation questions both in its stores and through online resources and other media designed to provide product and project knowledge. Its DIFM customers are home owners purchasing materials themselves and hiring third parties to complete the project or installation. Professional Customers are primarily professional renovators, general contractors, repairmen, installers, small business owners, tradesmen. The Home Depot, Inc. was founded in 1978 and is based in Atlanta, Georgia.', 'Home Depot operates in more than 2000+ locations; The companies financial strength can be seen from its NYSE and S&P 500 index; Home Depot is one of the largest home improvement retailers in the United States; More than 400,000 people are employed with the organization; Strong financial position and growing opportunities for the company; Home Depot has a high brand recall as it is a leading market player; The company has been involved with several sponsorships in sports, political and entertainment events; The online brand of Home Depot has also been able to engage users in the USA; Out the US, it has stores in Canada, UK, China ', 'Competition within industry can affect Home Depot''s business;  Bargain power of buyer is higher and brand switching can cost loyal customers; Government policies and taxation can affect business margins', 'HD', 'Home Depot is primarily dependent on US market and has limited global presence; Intense competition means limited market share growth');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.analyses (id, company, opportunities, profile, strengths, threats, ticker, weaknesses) VALUES ('195a7eea-e96b-4203-b4b4-db8391612cad', 'PepsiCo, Inc.', 'Pepsi should increase growth in developing countries and capture their market; Increase its product portfolio by acquisition of other brands;  Pepsico can expand the Yum! Brands eatery in untapped countries and regions like tier 2 cities; To improve its brand image by involving in more CSR activities to benefit the locals', 'PepsiCo operates as a food and beverage company worldwide. It offers branded dips, cheese-flavored snacks, and tortillas, as well as corn, potato, and tortilla chips; cereals, rice, pasta, mixes and syrups, granola bars, oat squares, oatmeal, rice cakes, simply granola; beverage concentrates, fountain syrups; ready-to-drink tea, coffee, and juices; and dairy products. PepsiCo butts heads with its eternal rival The Coca-Cola Company for the title of world''s biggest soft drinks maker. PepsiCo''s beverage brands include Pepsi, Mountain Dew, Tropicana, Gatorade, and Aquafina water. The company also owns Frito-Lay, the world''s #1 snack maker with offerings such as Lay''s, Ruffles, Doritos, and Cheetos. The Quaker Foods unit makes breakfast cereals (Quaker oatmeal, Life), Rice-A-Roni, and Near East side dishes. Pepsi products are available in 200+ countries, although the US accounts for nearly 60% of total sales. The company was founded in 1898 and is headquartered in Purchase, New York.', 'Pepsi is one of the most popular and globally recognised brands in foods and beverages; One of the most diversified product portfolio; Popular subsidiary brands like Frito Lay, Gatorade, Pepsi, Quaker, Tropicana, Yum! Brands, etc.; Pepsico has Global reach with presence in over 200 countries;  An employee strength of around 300,000 people; CSR through PepsiCo Foundation, which works in the sector of education, health, water conservation, education etc.;  Pepsi Refresh Project that funds new ideas or ventures that have the potential to benefit the society; Strong and efficient supply chain network, ensuring that all the products are available even in the most remote places; One of Pepsi''s strengths is excellent branding and advertising with global celebrity as brand ambassadors; Tie-ups, sponsorships with global sports events, music concerts, etc has been a stronghold of PepsiCo', 'Health consciousness amongst people can take a toll on its aerated drinks and snacks food markets; Compliance with different government regulations and norms in different countries; Inflation, economic slowdown and instability causes decline in the purchasing power of consumers; Strong competition from other brands in each segment of its operation can be a threat for Pepsico', 'PEP', 'Strong competition in the aerated drinks segment from Coca Cola means high brand switching; Cases against products have been blown out of proportion, thereby affecting brand image');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.analyses (id, company, opportunities, profile, strengths, threats, ticker, weaknesses) VALUES ('1dfb4ac0-44fc-4e52-9f5f-f3f01d5d8a0c', 'Honeywell International Inc.', 'Positive outlook for global aerospace and defense sector; Growth through tie-ups and acquisitions, especially in the emerging economies like India, China, Brazil etc can boost international market share; Accelerating US turbocharged engine segment', 'Honeywell International Inc. is a technology and manufacturing company. The Company operates through four segments: Aerospace, Home and Building Technologies, Performance Materials and Technologies, and Safety and Productivity Solutions. The Company''s Aerospace segment supplies products, software and services for aircraft and vehicles. The Home and Building Technologies segment provides products, software, solutions and technologies that help owners of homes stay connected and in control of their comfort, security and energy use. The Performance Materials and Technologies segment is engaged in developing and manufacturing materials, process technologies and automation solutions. The Safety and Productivity Solutions segment is engaged in providing products, software and connected solutions to customers that manage productivity, workplace safety and asset performance.Honeywell International Inc. was incorporated in 1985 and is headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina.', 'One of the largest American conglomerates; Employees over 130,000 people as a part of its work force; The company has its business in aerospace, engineering services, consumer products etc.; Mergers and acquisitions have consolidated the position of the company and made it one of the strongest companies in US; Sub-brands like turbo chargers and thermostats are popular through retail outlets; Strong expenditure on research and development is a good way to keep a strong market position', 'Strict govt policies and environmental regulation affect operations; Economic fluctuations and currency devaluations affect the financial performance as it is an international company; Heavy dependence on few suppliers', 'HON', 'Allegations that the company didn''t pay taxes hurt the brand image; Production of weapons in the past has also brought bad name to the company');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.analyses (id, company, opportunities, profile, strengths, threats, ticker, weaknesses) VALUES ('2b780494-c51b-4229-8959-3c5e5c8d4ee7', 'McDonald''s Corporation', 'McDonalds can improve on the existing home delivery service; Get more innovative products for the vegetarian market in countries like India; McD centure into newer markan vets and open more locations', 'McDonald''s Corporation operates and franchises McDonald''s restaurants. The Company''s restaurants serve a locally relevant menu of food and drinks sold at various price points in over 100 countries. The U.S. segment focuses on offering a platform for authentic ingredients that allows customers to customize their sandwiches. Its High Growth Markets segment includes its operations in markets, such as China, Italy, Korea, Poland, Russia, Spain, Switzerland, the Netherlands and related markets. The International Lead markets segment includes the Company''s operations in various markets, such as Australia, Canada, France, Germany, the United Kingdom and related markets. The Foundational markets and Corporate segment is engaged in operating restaurants and increasing convenience to customers, including through drive-thru and delivery. As of December 31, 2019, the company operated 38,695 restaurants. McDonald''s Corporation was founded in 1940 and is based in Chicago, Illinois.', 'McDonalds is a hugely popular brand name and high brand loyalty; Variety of products offered by McDonalds including burgers, wraps, nuggets etc; Hygenic food preparation and quick service is provided to the customers; McDrive Drive-in service for motorists and car owners is an extremely innovative way of conducting fast food business; McDonalds has excellent advertising and marketing which makes it a top of the mind brand; Happy meal offered by McD is great attracting children especially with the toys; McDonalds is present across the world at more than 35000+ locations in more than 100 countries; More than 1.5 million are working with the company, including the franchisees; McCafe opened by McDonalds offers beverages accompany the food; The brand has been actively involved in sponsorships of global events; McDonalds has revolutionized the market with local products like Mc Aloo Tikki for India, Mc Arabia for Middle eastern countries etc', 'Threat from other eating joints/restaurants, which can reduce McDonalds'' market share; Health conscious people avoiding fast food; Being a global brand, the operations of McDonalds can be affected by recession, fluctuating economies etc; Constant vigilance from food regulatory bodies can affect business operations', 'MCD', 'High fat and high calorie food claimed to be not good for health conscious people; McDonalds has often been invovled in lawsuits regarding environment, animal rights etc');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.analyses (id, company, opportunities, profile, strengths, threats, ticker, weaknesses) VALUES ('3045726d-bb2e-44b5-8dcc-edc262441a43', 'Target Corporation', 'Disposable income is increasing of the customers hence high purchasing power; Tapping the international market specially emerging economies can help boost business for Target retail;  Acquisition of smaller retail chains to increase business; More visibility through advertising and customer focused services', 'Target is a general merchandise retailer selling products through its stores and digital channels. Its general merchandise stores offer an edited food assortment, including perishables, dry grocery, dairy and frozen items. Its digital channels include a range of general merchandise, including a range of items found in its stores, along with an assortment, such as additional sizes and colors sold only online. Its exclusive brands include C9 by Champion, Hand Made Modern, Mossimo, DENIZEN from Levi''s, Nate Berkus for Target, Fieldcrest, Kid Made Modern, Genuine Kids from OshKosh and Liz Lange for Target. As of January 28, 2017, the Company had 1,802 stores across the United States, including 1,535 owned stores, 107 leased stores and 160 owned buildings on leased land. Target Corporation was founded in 1902 and is headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota.', 'Target Corporatation has more than 300,000 employees; Revenue performance is good which is backed by a strong financial position; Target retail stores are recipient of several award and recognition; Only national retailer employing a Garment Hanger reuse program; Target retail brand has approximately 1800 stores; Sponsorship of major events and sporting events has enhanced it brand visibility; It offers a wide variety of products which include health, clothing, food, toys, pet care etc', 'Huge competition from other international retail chains can affect Target''s margins; Increase raw material prices can lead to higher manufacturing costs; Increasing competition and changing economic scenarios', 'TGT', 'Past legal cases have affected the brand image of Target group at times; Despite being a strong brand, it hasn’t penetrated in to the international markets');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.analyses (id, company, opportunities, profile, strengths, threats, ticker, weaknesses) VALUES ('34b07f69-4a95-4002-b9b6-b4de07ca21de', 'Apple Inc.', 'Apple can move into other computer or media product spaces that are not served well; Strategic alliance and innovations in technologies; People With increase in demand of Online Products people want more online music and content and Apple is tapping this market by bringing innovative products, so it can lead the market; Apple can enter gaming console market to compete with PS4 and Xbox One', 'Apple designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers and portable digital music players. The Company sells a range of related software, services, accessories, networking solutions, third-party digital content and applications. The Company''s segments include the Americas, Europe, Greater China, Japan and Rest of Asia Pacific. The Americas segment includes both North and South America. The Europe segment includes European countries, India, the Middle East and Africa. The Greater China segment includes China, Hong Kong and Taiwan. The Rest of Asia Pacific segment includes Australia and the Asian countries not included in the Company''s other operating segments. Its products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple Watch, Apple TV, iPhone OS (iOS), OS X and watchOS operating systems, iCloud, Apple Pay and a range of accessory, service and support offerings. Apple Inc. was founded in 1977 and is headquartered in Cupertino, California.', 'Apple corporation has around 100,000 employees worldwide; Large number of brand loyal customers; Apple is known for constant innovations in products and technology; Entering into new product lines ex: - Laptops to iPhones and iPads; It has good distribution network globally to make its products accessible online and stores;  The Apple iOS has given it a lead as compare to its competitors; Good advertising and branding through TVCs, print media, online ads and billboards; Strong legacy of the brand since its inception in 1976;  Apple''s brand name synonymous with the great leadership & legacy of Steve Jobs; Tim Cook has kept the innovation going after Steve Jobs and Apple continues to grow; New products like iPhone X and iPad pro have been well received by the market', 'Huge threat from competitors who are in mode of constant innovation; The rise of Android ecosystem in the mobile and tablet space; Mobile business is very dynamic and price sensitive especially when it comes to geographies like India, China, Brazil etc.', 'AAPL', 'It has less presence in B2B market, as compare to its competitors like Dell and HP. It can be seen that Apple mainly focuses on B2C so its losing large chunk of market; Apple ecosystem is considered to be more rigid when compared with other mobile ecosystems');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.analyses (id, company, opportunities, profile, strengths, threats, ticker, weaknesses) VALUES ('3a5591be-fbc2-498c-bc8a-e3642b4b61b0', 'Loreal S.A.', 'L''Oréal can tap the growing market that ranges from the affluent, the aging and also the masses of the developed countries; Greater market share because of the numerous patents registered by the Company.', 'L''Oreal SA is a France-based cosmetics company. The Company owns a wide range of brands organized into four division: Consumer Products, L’Oreal Luxe, Professionals Products and Active Cosmetics. They include L’Oreal Paris, Maybelline New York, Garnier, Lancme, Yves Saint Laurent, Giorgio Armani, Kiehl’s, Krastase, La Roche-Posay and SkinCeuticals, among others. It offers a wide range of products grouped into six business segments: Skincare, Makeup, Haircare, Hair Coloring, Fragrances and Other. Skincare offering includes facial skincare, face cleaners, body care and sun protection products. The Company owns stores and ecommerce websites. It is active globally. It sells its products through distribution channels, such as hair salons, mass-market retail channels, perfumeries, department stores, pharmacies, drugstores, medispas, branded retail, travel retail, and e-commerce. The company was founded in 1909 and is headquartered in Clichy, France.', 'Continuing research and innovation in the interest of beauty which assures that the L’Oreal Cosmetics offers the best to their consumers.; L''Oréal is a leader in the growing cosmetics industry despite the competition in the market.; High-end advertising which adapts to the culture of target audience; L''Oréal has over 60,000 employees globally; Apart from hair colour, skin care, sun protection, make-up, perfumes and hair care, the company is active in the dermatological and pharmaceutical fields and is the top nanotechnology patent-holder in the United States; L’Oréal has operations in over 130 countries and over 4o manufacturing plants', 'Growing competition within the field of cosmetic brands; Economic downturn that is quite evident in other countries; L’Oreal Group may be producing the best of its line, people may find that their products are not of their basic needs and would skip buying L’Oreal products.', 'OREP', 'Decentralized organizational structure. Due to the many subdivisions of the Company, there is also the difficulty in the control of L’Oreal; Stiff competition from other leading cosmetic established brands');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.analyses (id, company, opportunities, profile, strengths, threats, ticker, weaknesses) VALUES ('5653eea6-ecd3-4946-bfbb-f7d43a09fb77', 'The Wendy''s Company', 'Global expansion; Introduce the breakfast menu in all locations after revising the menu; Acquisition of smaller restaurants', 'The Wendy''s Company is the parent company of subsidiary holding company Wendy''s Restaurants, LLC (Wendy''s Restaurants). Wendy''s Restaurants is the parent company of Wendy''s International, LLC (Wendy''s), which is the owner and franchisor of the Wendy''s restaurant system in the United States. Wendy''s is a restaurant company specializing in the hamburger sandwich segment. Wendy''s is engaged in the business of operating, developing and franchising a system of restaurants serving food. The Company operated approximately 6,080 Wendy''s restaurants in operation in North America, as of January 1, 2017. Of these restaurants, 330 were operated by the Company and 5,768 by a total of 376 franchisees, as of January 1, 2017. In addition, as of January 1, 2017, there were 439 franchised Wendy''s restaurants in operation in 29 countries and territories other than North America. The Wendy''s Company was founded in 1969 and is headquartered in Dublin, Ohio.', 'More than 40 years of experience in the fast food industry; Global presence with restaurants in around 30 countries; Third largest burger chain with around 6650 locations; Employee strength of 46000; Globally recognized brand; Stong supply chain network; Popular for its taste and use of fresh beef instead of frozen; Financial stability; Effective marketing and advertising', 'Tough competition from McDonalds and Burger king; Increase in price of raw materials; People are getting conscious about their health and avoiding unhealthy fast food; Diseases like obesity resulting from fast food consumption', 'WEN', 'Fast food perceived as unhealthy; Operation of franchisees is difficult to manage; Less number of locations as compared to its competitors globally');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.analyses (id, company, opportunities, profile, strengths, threats, ticker, weaknesses) VALUES ('6763809e-2b4c-4c80-afd9-887d0b98489e', 'Macy''s, Inc.', 'Promoting important environmental causes; Macys can provide unconventional goods to customers and can diversify its product offerings; Company can focus organic and inorganic growth abroad', 'Macy''s, Inc. is an omnichannel retail company operating stores, Websites and mobile applications under various brands, such as Macy''s, Bloomingdale''s and Bluemercury. The Company sells a range of merchandise, including apparel and accessories (men''s, women''s and children''s), cosmetics, home furnishings and other consumer goods. Its subsidiaries provide various support functions to its retail operations. Its bank subsidiary, FDS Bank, provides credit processing, certain collections, customer service and credit marketing services in respect of all credit card accounts that are owned either by Department Stores National Bank (DSNB), which is a subsidiary of Citibank N.A., or FDS Bank. The private label brands offered by the Company include Alfani, American Rag, Aqua, Bar III, Belgique, Charter Club, Club Room, Epic Threads, first impressions, Greg Norman for Tasso Elba, Holiday Lane, Home Design, Hotel Collection. Macy''s, Inc. was founded in 1830 and is based in New York, New York.', 'Macys operates more than 600 stores in the United States; Macys has a large portfolio of private brands as well as other brands; Diversity of its merchandise includes clothing, footwear, furniture, jewelery etc; Macys exports goods and has shipment done to over 100 countries; It is a popular brand with a good recall and quality service; Macys has a strong workforce of over 150,000 employees;  Acquisition of companies has strengthened its market position;  Apart from USA, Macys has its operations in Guam & Puerto Rico', 'Increasing competition from bigger retail chains can disrupt its business; Customers using ecommerce platforms can reduce the business of Macys; Unfavorable economic conditions and government policies can affect business operations', 'M', 'Limited global awareness of Macys as compared to industry leaders;  Market share growth is less owing to intense competition');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.analyses (id, company, opportunities, profile, strengths, threats, ticker, weaknesses) VALUES ('8c1f9b2e-e7e6-4c15-8a1a-4ec428096efc', 'ABB Ltd', 'Government  initiatives  in the infrastructure space will  augment  overall demand  for power industry; It is financially strong with huge cash flows which will help in acquisitions, buybacks and dividends; Increase in demand for smart grids increase demand for any companies that manufacture, supply or build smart grid infrastructure; Additional regulation will increase the demand for companies in the environmental services industry', 'Abb Ltd is a holding company. The Company''s segments include Electrification Products, Robotics and Motion, Industrial Automation, Power Grids, and Corporate and Other. It operates through four divisions: Electrification Products, Robotics and Motion, Industrial Automation and Power Grids. It is engaged in serving customers in utilities, industry and transport and infrastructure. The Electrification Products segment manufactures and sells products and services including low and medium-voltage switchgear, breakers, switches and control products. The Robotics and Motion segment manufactures and sells motors, generators, variable speed drives and robots and robotics. The Industrial Automation segment develops and sells control and plant optimization systems, and automation products and solutions. The Power Grids segment supplies power and automation products, systems, and service and software solutions. ABB Ltd was founded in 1883 and is headquartered in Zurich, Switzerland.', 'Huge installed customer base with long term contracts; Superior brand value has helped it in cross selling and gave a lot of aftermarket sale opportunities; ABB has resources all over the world and is geographically well spread; Significant portion of its revenue is from emerging markets which have a increasing demand for infrastructure; Well known for manufacturing  consistent top quality products around the globe', 'A bad outlook of the economy will affect the cash flows and growth of the economy; Governments are under pressure for cutting down the costs, which may slow down replacement sales and put overall sales at risk', 'ABB', 'The management has a history of overpaying for acquisitions and not delivering synergies on previous deals; On the back of shortage of liquidity, the margin is not improving in the shorter term; Bad debts and Financial difficulties with customers have increased the debtor''s provisions affecting profit');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.analyses (id, company, opportunities, profile, strengths, threats, ticker, weaknesses) VALUES ('99559d22-58bd-4b8f-a55c-9bcf67cc61fd', 'Canon Inc.', 'The brand can focus on growth of technology; High purchasing power of the people can boost the business for Canon; Tie-up with leading mobile companies with which their cameras can be integrated; Global expansion into emerging economies can boost Canon’s business', 'Canon Inc. is engaged in the development, production, sale of office equipment, imaging systems, medical systems, industrial equipment and the provision of related services. The Company operates in four business segments. The Office segment provides office multifunction machines, laser multifunction machines, laser printers, digital continuous slip printers, digital cut sheet planters, wide format printers, document solutions. The Imaging System segment''s products include lens-interchangeable digital cameras, compact digital cameras, digital video cameras, digital cinema cameras. The Industrial Equipment and Others segment provides semiconductor exposure devices, vacuum thin film forming devices, die bonders, micromotors, network cameras, handy terminals and others. The Medical System segment provides digital radiography, X-ray diagnostic equipment, ultrasound diagnostic equipment and others. Canon Inc. was founded in 1933 and is headquartered in Tokyo, Japan.', 'Canon is one of the leading electronics brand in the world; Canon’s wide portfolio includes digital cameras, DSLR’s, camcorders, photocopiers, printers; The company has over 180,000+ employees; The brand is present on the Tokyo Stock Exchange and also NYSE; Canon focuses on advertising through TVCs, print ads, online ads and billboards; Some of its leading digital camera brands are Canon PowerShot, Canon Digital IXUS, Canon EOS etc; It has been recognized as one of the leading environmental friendly companies in the world; Sponsorship has been done by Canon is football, motorsport etc; The company also indulges in CSR activities', 'High competition can decline Canon’s market share; Being a global brand, economic crisis and currency fluctuations affect margins; Counterfeit goods - a major threat to manufacturers of branded electronics like Canon; Availability of cheaper technology in local markets', 'CAJ', 'Intense competition means limited market share growth for Canon; Fake replicas & imitation products causes loss and hurts the brand image');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.analyses (id, company, opportunities, profile, strengths, threats, ticker, weaknesses) VALUES ('af035162-ec04-4322-9c3f-4c3edebf51cd', 'BP PLC', 'Increasing fuel/oil prices; Increasing natural gas market; More oil well discoveries; Expand export market; Investment in alternate business', 'BP p.l.c. is engaged in the global energy business with operations in Europe, North and South America, Australasia, Asia and Africa. The Company provides customers with fuel for transport, energy for heat and light, power for industry, and the petrochemicals products used to make everyday items such as paints, clothes and packaging. The Company''s segments include Upstream, Downstream, Rosneft, and Other businesses and corporate. The Upstream segment is responsible for its activities in oil and natural gas exploration, field development and production. The Downstream segment has global marketing and manufacturing operations, and include the fuels, lubricants and petrochemicals business of the Company. Rosneft is the Company''s Russian refining business that owns and operates approximately 13 refineries in Russia, and holds stakes in three refineries in Germany, one in India and one in Belarus. BP PLC was founded in 1889 and is headquartered in London, the United Kingdom.', 'One of the biggest in the energy sector; Top in market; Huge geographical reach; High quality operations; Very Strong Brand Name', 'Government regulations; High Competition; Environment Regulations; Increasing Cost of Operations', 'BP', 'Cost of environmental hazards; Decline in production; Reaching Maturity');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.analyses (id, company, opportunities, profile, strengths, threats, ticker, weaknesses) VALUES ('b3c5f6cf-4686-43ad-bd11-0e82b2d6ab17', 'eBay Inc.', 'The markets devoid of internet are untapped by eBay; Customers reluctant in shopping online can be persuaded; Partnerships with companies for bulk selling', 'eBay Inc., is a global commerce company. The Company’s technologies and services are designed to give buyers choice and relevant inventory and enable sellers worldwide to offer their inventory for sale, virtually anytime and anywhere. Its multi-screen approach offers downloadable, applications for iPhone operating system (iOS) and android mobile devices that allow access to some of its websites and vertical shopping experiences. The Company’s platforms are accessible through a traditional online experience, mobile devices and its application programming interfaces (APIs). Its segments include Marketplace and Classifieds. Marketplace includes its online marketplace, its localized counterparts, and the eBay suite of mobile application. Classifieds includes a collection of brands such as Mobile.de, Kijiji, Gumtree, Marktplaats, and eBay Kleinanzeigen.The company was founded in 1995 and is headquartered in San Jose, California.', 'eBay is an early market entrant with localized operations in over 30 countries; Integrated services like online ticket tracking, online money transfers etc; eBay has strong international presence providing services to a larger consumer base; A highly trusted and revered brand in the market; eBay has over 14,000 employees globally; Strong acquisitions like Skype, PayPal, Stubhub etc strengthened the brand; The company strives B2C as well as B2B businesses worldwide; eBay uses artificial intelligence & helps in data analytics based on online research & customer needs', 'Can be subjected to online frauds & security breaches which can affect the business of eBay; Risk of being involved into selling of illegal entities; Newly emerging competitive online shopping portals; Government policies & taxation can affect business margins & operations', 'EBAY', 'eBay is unable to eradicate fake or fraud sellers completely; Lesser presence in physical markets & intense competition');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.analyses (id, company, opportunities, profile, strengths, threats, ticker, weaknesses) VALUES ('b45a5ea1-debc-434f-b30b-bcec58d8e93d', '3M', 'Acquisitions to strengthen existing businesse; Automotive industry on road to recovery would mean more business; More global presence through tie-ups and diversification in businesses can lead to more growth', '3M Co is a technology company. 3M makes everything from tape to high-tech security gear. The diversified company''s products fall under four segment categories: Safety & Industrial, Transportation & Electronics, Health Care, and Consumer. 3M boasts some of the world''s most recognizable consumer brands including Post-it notes, Scotch tapes, Scotchgard fabric protectors, Scotch-Brite scouring pads, Filtrete home air filters, and ACE bandages. 3M sells products directly to users and through numerous wholesalers, retailers, distributors, and dealers worldwide. The company generates about 60% of its sales outside the US. 3M was founded by Henry S. Bryan, Hermon W. Cable, John Dwan, William A. McGonagle and J. Danley Budd in 1902 as a small mining venture in Northern Minnesota called Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Company.', 'Strong research and development capability with over 80,000 employees worldwide; Diversified business with over 55000 products in its portfolio; It has operations in over 65 countries and commands a strong brand name; Robust cash position and financially improving performance over the years; Its product reach through retailers and distributors is in nearly 200 countries; CSR activities for environmental benefits is a good way to enhance market position', 'Unfriendly environmental regulations and strct govt policies can affect position; Intense competition can lead to loss of market share; Risks associated with conducting business outside the US', 'MMM', 'Environmental issues and litigations have sometime affected the image; Being a market leader, any mistake hurts the brand image world over');

4. SQL script for table FAQS

INSERT INTO banksters_db.faqs (id, answer, question) VALUES ('6bf15bda-bf45-46f6-83b4-a88a31aa50ae', 'The stocks behind large, industry-leading companies. The expression is thought to have been derived from blue gambling chips, which is the highest denomination of chips used in casinos.', 'What are Blue chip stocks?');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.faqs (id, answer, question) VALUES ('7dcd0595-b893-41b5-aa06-c2453d56b375', 'The term “pink sheets” refers most commonly to penny stocks,     which are traded at $5 per share or less. You won’t find them on the Nasdaq or NYSE, or any other major exchange, and they’re often smaller companies.', 'What are Pink Sheet stocks?');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.faqs (id, answer, question) VALUES ('ea3a6701-3527-4624-a97a-7032cbc40388', 'This is an abbreviation used to uniquely identify publicly traded shares of a particular stock on a particular stock market. A stock symbol may consist of letters, numbers or a combination of both.', 'What is a ticker symbol?');

5. SQL script for table MARKET INDEX

INSERT INTO banksters_db.market_index (id, apr, aug, closing_value, constituents, december, description, exchange, feb, foundation, jan, jul, jun, logo_url, mar, may, name, nov, oct, operator, picture_url, sep, type, website, year) VALUES ('09e2becc-4d27-4b25-844f-a345477e024a', 9000.51, null, 10836.33, '100', null, 'The National Associate of Securities Dealers (NASD) started the NASDAQ-100 Index in 1985, along with NASDAQ Financial-100, which focuses on solely financial companies, which is why the NASDAQ-100 Index does not include any financial companies. Companies must meet the standards set by Nasdaq in order to be part of the index. More specifically, it requires that companies are listed exclusively on a Nasdaq exchange, in addition to considering a company’s market capitalization and liquidity. Also, Nasdaq imposes some more specific requirements, such as achieving an average daily volume of 200,000 shares and being listed on the market for at least three months. Interestingly, it was limited to 100 originally; however, today, it consists of 107 equity securities issued by 100 companies.', 'NASDAQ', 8461.83, 'January 31, 1985', 8991.51, 10836.33, 10156.85, 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1593338858/Java%20Project/xxsprrixkce6xcvce9wa.png', 7813.50, 9555.53, 'NASDAQ-100', null, null, 'NASDAQ', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1593338863/Java%20Project/y9hgrrmhcq4un3itvi1f.png', null, 'Largest non-financial companies', 'https://www.nasdaq.com/nasdaq-100', '2020');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.market_index (id, apr, aug, closing_value, constituents, december, description, exchange, feb, foundation, jan, jul, jun, logo_url, mar, may, name, nov, oct, operator, picture_url, sep, type, website, year) VALUES ('21e798d4-19c1-46b6-9786-fba864f88154', 1464.52, null, 1901.28, '3000', null, 'The Russell 3000 Index is a capitalization-weighted stock market index, maintained by FTSE Russell, that seeks to be a benchmark of the entire U.S stock market. It measures the performance of the 3,000 largest publicly held companies incorporated in America as measured by total market capitalization, and represents approximately 98% of the American public equity market. As of 31 December 2017, the stocks of the Russell 3000 Index have a weighted average market capitalization of around $164 billion; the median market capitalization is nearly $1.8 billion. The index, which was launched on January 1, 1984, is maintained by FTSE Russell, a subsidiary of the London Stock Exchange Group. The ticker symbol on most systems is ^RUA.', 'NYSE, NASDAQ', 1893.73, '1994', 1898.47, 1810.87, 1770.58, 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1595275805/Java%20Project/jtygbpgb1gc0zbi4rrba.jpg', 1731.08, 1654.74, 'Russell 3000', null, null, 'Russell Investment Group', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1595275806/Java%20Project/z63k3peu46r47pttxhn1.jpg', null, 'Large-cap', 'https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Russell_3000_Index', '2020');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.market_index (id, apr, aug, closing_value, constituents, december, description, exchange, feb, foundation, jan, jul, jun, logo_url, mar, may, name, nov, oct, operator, picture_url, sep, type, website, year) VALUES ('391d429b-35a7-476b-b040-5c07a3f9d1ee', 2927.93, null, 3388.34, '50', null, 'The EURO STOXX 50 is a stock index of Eurozone stocks designed by STOXX, an index provider owned by Deutsche Börse Group. According to STOXX, its goal is "to provide a blue-chip representation of Supersector leaders in the Eurozone". It is made up of fifty of the largest and most liquid stocks. The index futures and options on the EURO STOXX 50, traded on Eurex, are among the most liquid products in Europe and the world. The EURO STOXX 50 was introduced on 26 February 1998. Its composition is reviewed annually in September. The index is available in several currency (EUR, USD, CAD, GBP, JPY) and return (Price, Net Return, Gross Return) variant combinations. Calculation takes place every 15 seconds between 09:00 CET and 18:00 CET for the EUR and USD variants of any return type, while the CAD, GBP and JPY variants are available as end-of-day calculation only (18:00 CET).', 'Eurex, Stock Exchanges in Eurozone', 3329.49, '1998', 3640.91, 3388.34, 3234.07, 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1595277675/Java%20Project/fdrlgktpevazxceybffz.jpg', 2786.90, 3050.20, 'EURO STOXX 50', null, null, 'STOXX', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1595277676/Java%20Project/qbux1rker0tldlqi6rel.jpg', null, 'Mega cap', 'stoxx.com', '2020');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.market_index (id, apr, aug, closing_value, constituents, december, description, exchange, feb, foundation, jan, jul, jun, logo_url, mar, may, name, nov, oct, operator, picture_url, sep, type, website, year) VALUES ('43a8a927-0dab-4514-bb87-360ca8479f2a', 5901.21, null, 6148.59, '100', null, 'The FTSE 100 is a stock index representing the performance of the largest 100 companies listed on the LSE by market capitalization. It was originally one of the most popularly-traded indexes, as it was viewed as the best indicator of UK stock market health. However, as the FTSE 100 has expanded to include more multinational companies, the wider FTSE 250 index has become a more accurate representation of the UK economy. The name FTSE 100, or ‘Footsie’, is a combination of the Financial Times and the London Stock Exchange. The FTSE 100 is capitalization-weighted, with the value of these weightings dependent on the market value of each stock. Although all its constituents rank among the top 100, their sizes can vary considerably – and on the FTSE 100 size equals influence. Accordingly, the most valuable companies in the index make more of a difference to the price than smaller companies.', 'LSE', 6580.61, '1984', 7286.01, 6149.60, 6169.74, 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1595280186/Java%20Project/mewbgupsdxg1upuyw0jw.jpg', 5671.96, 6076.60, 'FTSE 100', null, null, 'FTSE Group', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1595280188/Java%20Project/przb2u5ymvrweywxgiei.jpg', null, 'Large cap', 'ftse.com', '2020');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.market_index (id, apr, aug, closing_value, constituents, december, description, exchange, feb, foundation, jan, jul, jun, logo_url, mar, may, name, nov, oct, operator, picture_url, sep, type, website, year) VALUES ('543d02a7-2277-465e-8680-55ee65700698', 2468.17, null, 2616.30, '30', null, 'The FTSE Straits Times Index (STI) is a capitalisation-weighted stock market index that is regarded as the benchmark index for the Singapore stock market. It tracks the performance of the top 30 companies listed on the Singapore Exchange. It is jointly calculated by Singapore Press Holdings (SPH), Singapore Exchange (SGX) and FTSE Group (FTSE). The STI has a history dating back to 1966.[1] Following a major sectoral re-classification of listed companies by the Singapore Exchange, which saw the removal of the "industrials" category, the STI replaced the Straits Times Industrials Index (STII) and began trading on 31 August 1998 at 885.26 points, in continuation of where the STII left off. At the time, it represented 78% of the average daily traded value over a 12-month period and 61.2% of total market capitalisation on the exchange.', 'Singapore Exchange', 3131.02, '1966', 3230.48, 2604.08, 2519.42, 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1595284909/Java%20Project/skc37w6urqjevpzaewsj.png', 2988.35, 2555.67, 'Straits Times Index', null, null, 'FTSE Group SPH Data Services Pte Ltd', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1595284911/Java%20Project/r0ezbg1ibc7dmnozwewv.jpg', null, 'Large cap', 'https://www.ftserussell.com/products/indices/sgx-st', '2020');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.market_index (id, apr, aug, closing_value, constituents, december, description, exchange, feb, foundation, jan, jul, jun, logo_url, mar, may, name, nov, oct, operator, picture_url, sep, type, website, year) VALUES ('5cb39dad-654f-4aa1-ac2f-0ff5bfe9e351', 1338.02, null, 1506.03, '101', null, 'The S&P 100 Index is a stock market index of United States stocks maintained by Standard & Poor''s. Index options on the S&P 100 are traded with the ticker symbol "OEX". Because of the popularity of these options, investors often refer to the index by its ticker symbol. The S&P 100, a subset of the S&P 500, includes 101 (because one of its component companies has 2 classes of stock) leading U.S. stocks with exchange-listed options. Constituents of the S&P 100 are selected for sector balance and represent about 63% of the market capitalization of the S&P 500 and almost 51% of the market capitalization of the U.S. equity markets as of January 2017. The stocks in the S&P 100 tend to be the largest and most established companies in the S&P 500. The index was started on June 15, 1983.', 'NYSE, NASDAQ', 1324.43, '1983', 1446.71, 1506.03, 1427.23, 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1595277014/Java%20Project/hzyonx45qdbr3kjjacdr.png', 1187.48, 1389.63, 'S&P 100', null, null, 'S&P Dow Jones Indices', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1596964330/Java%20Project/shutterstock_130576634-5bfc368446e0fb0083c2cbbf_db43bj.jpg', null, 'Large-cap', 'us.spindices.com/indices/equity/sp-100', '2020');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.market_index (id, apr, aug, closing_value, constituents, december, description, exchange, feb, foundation, jan, jul, jun, logo_url, mar, may, name, nov, oct, operator, picture_url, sep, type, website, year) VALUES ('5fbf1c23-b469-495b-b9ce-dfcbb815d123', 2912.43, null, 3185.04, '505', null, 'The S&P 500 was introduced by Standard & Poor''s in 1957 as a stock market index to track the value of 500 large corporations listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and the NASDAQ Composite. The collection of stocks that make up the S&P is intended to represent the overall composition of the U.S. economy. Its exact combination and the weightings of various constituencies are adjusted as the economy changes, and certain stocks have been added and dropped over time. The components of the S&P 500 are selected by a committee and are determined to be representative of the industries that make up the U.S. economy. In order to be added to the S&P, a company must meet certain liquidity-based size requirements: market capitalization must be greater than or equal to $8.2 billion; annual dollar value traded to float-adjusted market capitalization is greater than 1.0m; minimum monthly trading volume of 250,000 shares in each of the six months leading up to the evaluation date.', 'Exchanges NYSE, NASDAQ, Cboe BZX Exchange', 2954.22, 'March 4, 1957', 3225.52, 3185.04, 3100.29, 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1593339021/Java%20Project/gtcxcpolu2rdhwpcue9n.jpg', 2584.59, 3044.31, 'S&P 500', null, null, 'S&P Dow Jones Indices', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1593339022/Java%20Project/mwzv4xq6vllmm14txpfw.jpg', null, 'Large cap', 'us.spindices.com/indices/equity/sp-500', '2020');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.market_index (id, apr, aug, closing_value, constituents, december, description, exchange, feb, foundation, jan, jul, jun, logo_url, mar, may, name, nov, oct, operator, picture_url, sep, type, website, year) VALUES ('5fe58bf6-bf86-4d12-9a40-09f32565382f', 20193.69, null, 22717.48, '225', null, 'The Nikkei 225, more commonly called the Nikkei, the Nikkei index, or the Nikkei Stock Average, is a stock market index for the Tokyo Stock Exchange (TSE). It has been calculated daily by the Nihon Keizai Shimbun (The Nikkei) newspaper since 1950. It is a price-weighted index, operating in the Japanese Yen (JP¥), and its components are reviewed once a year. The Nikkei measures the performance of 225 large, publicly owned companies in Japan from a wide array of industry sectors. The Nikkei 225 began to be calculated on 7 September 1950; 69 years ago, retroactively calculated back to 16 May 1949. Since January 2010, the index is updated every 15 seconds during trading sessions. The Nikkei average has deviated sharply from the textbook model of stock averages, which grow at a steady exponential rate. The average hit its all-time high on 29 December 1989, during the peak of the Japanese asset price bubble, when it reached an intra-day high of 38,957.44, before closing at 38,915.87, having grown sixfold during the decade. Subsequently, it lost nearly all these gains, closing at 7,054.98 on 10 March 2009 — 81.9% below its peak twenty years earlier.', 'Tokyo Stock Exchange (TSE)', 21142.96, '7 September 1950', 23205.18, 22717.48, 22288.14, 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1595283940/Java%20Project/qwimwpv0pl0ptksyejl9.jpg', 18917.01, 21877.89, 'Nikkei 225', null, null, 'Nihon Keizai Shimbun (The Nikkei)', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1595283941/Java%20Project/bkkn6qygenr3tgsl2e3v.jpg', null, 'Large-cap', 'https://indexes.nikkei.co.jp/en/nkave', '2020');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.market_index (id, apr, aug, closing_value, constituents, december, description, exchange, feb, foundation, jan, jul, jun, logo_url, mar, may, name, nov, oct, operator, picture_url, sep, type, website, year) VALUES ('7b359adc-5903-467c-8198-6a266bca206f', 16454.46, null, 17385.85, '250', null, 'The FTSE 250 Index is a capitalisation-weighted index consisting of the 101st to the 350th largest companies listed on the London Stock Exchange. Promotions and demotions to and from the index occur quarterly in March, June, September, and December. The Index is calculated in real-time and published every minute. Related indices are the FTSE 100 Index (which lists the largest 100 companies), the FTSE 350 Index (which combines the FTSE 100 and 250), the FTSE SmallCap Index and the FTSE All-Share Index (an aggregation of the FTSE 100 Index, the FTSE 250 Index and the FTSE SmallCap Index). Many companies within the index are investment trusts. As of 30 September 2008, the net market capitalisation of the FTSE 250 Index was £161 billion (or 13 per cent of the FTSE 100 Index).', 'LSE', 19330.92, '1984', 21143.49, 17385.85, 17119.16, 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1595279426/Java%20Project/qpe8viqgligmyskmirrd.jpg', 15101.13, 17042.96, 'FTSE 250 ', null, null, 'FTSE Group', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1595279427/Java%20Project/kjp8b524ih4ow48zkemx.png', null, 'Mid cap', 'https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FTSE_250_Index', '2020');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.market_index (id, apr, aug, closing_value, constituents, december, description, exchange, feb, foundation, jan, jul, jun, logo_url, mar, may, name, nov, oct, operator, picture_url, sep, type, website, year) VALUES ('8f0fdd85-4eed-498a-ab51-973f62ab5749', 8889.55, null, 10780.88, '2500', null, 'The NASDAQ Composite (ticker symbol ^IXIC) is a stock market index of the common stocks and similar securities (e.g. ADRs, tracking stocks, limited partnership interests) listed on the Nasdaq stock market. Along with the Dow Jones Industrial Average and S&P 500 it is one of the three most-followed indices in US stock markets. The composition of the NASDAQ Composite is heavily weighted towards information technology companies. The NASDAQ-100, whose components are a subset of the NASDAQ Composite''s, accounts for over 90% of the NASDAQ Composite''s movement, and there are many ETFs tracking its performance. The composite itself is calculated by taking the sum of the products of closing price and index share(capitalization-weighted) of all of the over 2500 securities in the index. The sum is then divided by a divisor which just serves to reduce the order of magnitude of the result.To be eligible for inclusion in the Composite, a security''s U.S. listing must be exclusively on the NASDAQ Stock Market.', 'NASDAQ', 8567.37, '1971', 9150.94, 10781.23, 10058.76, 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1595275152/Java%20Project/kriwpzt3fb84ybdty1rh.jpg', 7700.10, 9489.87, 'NASDAQ Composite', null, null, 'NASDAQ', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1595275154/Java%20Project/mbayptqibzx38k8gsomp.jpg', null, 'Large cap', 'https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NASDAQ_Composite', '2020');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.market_index (id, apr, aug, closing_value, constituents, december, description, exchange, feb, foundation, jan, jul, jun, logo_url, mar, may, name, nov, oct, operator, picture_url, sep, type, website, year) VALUES ('99770673-e5d4-4b70-880e-f45183abb40a', 418.00, null, 444.23, '15', null, 'SOFIX is a Bulgarian stock exchange index of the Bulgarian Stock Exchange - Sofia (BSE). The index began to be calculated on October 20, 2000. Its base value is 100. It is calculated as the ratio of the daily amount of the market capitalization of the companies included in it and the amount of the market capitalization of the same companies as of the previous day. The companies on the basis of which the index is calculated can vary from 5 to 50. The idea of ​​the index is to collect the issues with the most liquid shares traded on the regulated markets, which also meet the following requirements: the issues to be traded for at least three months on the regulated markets; the market capitalization of each of the companies shall not be less than BGN 2 million; the number of shareholders of each of the companies shall not be less than 500 people; the shares of the companies have been traded at least 20 percent of the stock exchange sessions in the last three months.', 'Bulgarian Stock Exchange', 574.00, 'October 20, 2000', 568.00, 453.00, 461.00, 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1593339110/Java%20Project/idgwcruhk8s8e7pbjx1s.jpg', 547.00, 448.00, 'SOFIX', null, null, 'Bulgarian Stock Exchange', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1593339113/Java%20Project/tdqlwigexotbjkly5vxr.png', null, 'Large cap', 'www.bse-sofia.bg?page=IndexProfile&code=SOFIX', '2020');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.market_index (id, apr, aug, closing_value, constituents, december, description, exchange, feb, foundation, jan, jul, jun, logo_url, mar, may, name, nov, oct, operator, picture_url, sep, type, website, year) VALUES ('9ae10e4b-6a65-44c4-a8e0-2193292affab', 10861.64, null, 13046.92, '30', null, 'The DAX (Deutscher Aktienindex (German stock index)) is a blue chip stock market index consisting of the 30 major German companies trading on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. Prices are taken from the Xetra trading venue. According to Deutsche Börse, the operator of Xetra, DAX measures the performance of the Prime Standard’s 30 largest German companies in terms of order book volume and market capitalization. It is the equivalent of the FT 30 and the Dow Jones Industrial Average, and because of its small selection it does not necessarily represent the vitality of the economy as a whole. The Base date for the DAX is 30 December 1987, and it was started from a base value of 1,000. The Xetra technology calculates the index every second since 1 January 2006.', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 11890.35, '1 July 1988', 12981.97, 13046.92, 12310.93, 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1595281397/Java%20Project/q3abpkmem8rkhoekmurx.jpg', 9935.84, 11586.85, 'DAX', null, null, 'Deutsche Börse', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1595281398/Java%20Project/kct0tldj2qyzdetervio.webp', null, 'Large cap', 'https://www.dax-indices.com/', '2020');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.market_index (id, apr, aug, closing_value, constituents, december, description, exchange, feb, foundation, jan, jul, jun, logo_url, mar, may, name, nov, oct, operator, picture_url, sep, type, website, year) VALUES ('e34a6fdf-0636-45b9-a502-0fdd5f145eb4', 4572.18, null, 5093.18, '40', null, 'The CAC 40 (French: CAC quarante [kak kaʁɑ̃t]) (Cotation Assistée en Continu) is a benchmark French stock market index. The index represents a capitalization-weighted measure of the 40 most significant stocks among the 100 largest market caps on the Euronext Paris (formerly the Paris Bourse). It is one of the main national indices of the pan-European stock exchange group Euronext alongside Brussels'' BEL20, Lisbon''s PSI-20 and Amsterdam''s AEX. The CAC 40 takes its name from the Paris Bourse''s early automation system Cotation Assistée en Continu (Continuous Assisted Quotation). Its base value of 1,000 was set on 31 December 1987, equivalent to a market capitalisation of 370,437,433,957.70 French francs. In common with many major world stock markets, its all-time high to date (6922.33 points) was reached at the peak of the dot-com bubble in September 2000. On 1 December 2003, the index''s weighting system switched from being dependent on total market capitalisation to free float market cap only, in line with other leading indices.', 'Euronext Paris', 5309.90, 'December 31, 1987', 5806.34, 5093.18, 4935.99, 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1595283279/Java%20Project/ecypt3kd59cmmnhm8j8q.jpg', 4396.12, 4695.44, 'CAC 40', null, null, 'Euronext', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1595283280/Java%20Project/qogcwmwpqicghdqkw7xu.jpg', null, 'Large cap', 'www.euronext.com', '2020');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.market_index (id, apr, aug, closing_value, constituents, december, description, exchange, feb, foundation, jan, jul, jun, logo_url, mar, may, name, nov, oct, operator, picture_url, sep, type, website, year) VALUES ('f177d202-7405-4dbf-bb11-001d32818639', 24345.72, null, 26075.30, '30', null, 'The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) is one of the most popular and widely-recognized stock market indices. It measures the daily stock market movements of 30 U.S. publicly-traded companies listed on the NASDAQ or the  New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). The 30 publicly-owned companies are considered leaders in the United States economy. The DJIA is one of the stock indices created by Dow & Jones Company founder and Wall Street Journal editor Charles Dow. When the DJIA launched in 1896, it was comprised of only 12 US companies that were mainly engaged in industrial activities. Over the years, the index changed along with the economy and its composition now include companies in other sectors such as technology, health, and retail.  The index changes when one or more components experience financial distress that renders it a less important company in its sector when there is a significant shift in the economy that needs to be reflected in the composition.', 'New York Stock Exchange,  NASDAQ', 25409.36, 'February 16, 1885', 28256.03, 26075.30, 25812.88, 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1593338726/Java%20Project/g8mjvkkdcduahr7buy1z.png', 21917.16, 25383.11, 'Dow Jones Industrial Average', null, null, 'S&P Dow Jones Indices', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1593338731/Java%20Project/gs6w7f5m630vhxdrsbh0.jpg', null, 'Large cap', 'https://us.spindices.com/indices/equity/dow-jones-industrial-average', '2020');

6. SQL script for table STOCK EXCHANGES

INSERT INTO banksters_db.stock_exchanges (id, currency, description, logourl, market_cap, market_place, name, pictureurl, region, time_zone, website) VALUES ('81069bf7-685b-48b6-85e2-51ccc7caf6ff', 'BGN', 'Bulgarian stock exchange was born in the early 20th century. The first Stock Exchange Act from 1907 regulates the structure and activity of the stock and commodity exchanges. On 15.04.1914 Royal Decree №7 allowed the establishment of the first real stock exchange - Sofia Stock Exchange where members of the stock exchange corporation and stockbrokers meet to buy and sell public and private securities. Sofia Stock Exchange began real activity in 1918 trading shares of 21 companies. During the World Economic Crisis (1929-33) the exchange operates symbolically due to the bankruptcy of many companies and the lack of sufficient transactions. After the crisis, stock exchange trading intensified, trading volumes increased, and about 30 companies were listed on the stock exchange. In 1947 Sofia Stock Exchange terminates its activity by law. Bulgarian capital market resumed its existence with the adoption of the Commercial Law in 1991. Currently 81 companies are traded on the stock exchange.', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1592730835/Java%20Project/mpkprac8kik5npj81gf0.png', '7 974 256 347.000 BGN', 'Sofia', 'Bulgarian Stock Exchange', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1592730836/Java%20Project/j2kopqz5skok0fwhlitp.jpg', 'Bulgaria', 'EEST', 'https://www.bse-sofia.bg');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.stock_exchanges (id, currency, description, logourl, market_cap, market_place, name, pictureurl, region, time_zone, website) VALUES ('bacd342a-941a-45de-acef-c2aeadfe4d89', 'GBP', 'London Stock Exchange actually began functioning in a coffee house (Jonathan’s Coffee House) in 1698 and slowly transformed itself and grew into one of the most polished and professional financial institutions of the Globe. The LSE didn’t go unharmed when the city of London was nearly destroyed by the Great Fire, but it was soon rebuilt. A group of brokers constructed a new building housing a Coffee Room in 1773. This was the first time the coffee house was referred to as the “The Stock Exchange”. In 1801 London Stock Exchange was formally born and in 1802 for the first time the exchange moved into a modern building in Chapel Court. It managed to survive both World Wars, the Bombings of IRA and stands out till date as the one of the most sought for and traded stock exchanges of the World. In 2007 the London Stock Exchange purchased the Borsa Italiana making it a fully owned subsidiary of the LSE. They are together called the London Stock Exchange but function as two separate entities.', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1592730675/Java%20Project/iujj1qhipatlt7xkvshc.png', '$3.16 Trillion', 'London, Milan', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1592730676/Java%20Project/wepuij3fjizglsiez3t6.jpg', 'UK, EU', 'GMT/BST', 'https://www.londonstockexchange.com');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.stock_exchanges (id, currency, description, logourl, market_cap, market_place, name, pictureurl, region, time_zone, website) VALUES ('d0c74279-039d-45d3-a414-175d22888dcf', 'USD', 'Nasdaq is the largest US electronic stock market, listing more companies and, on average, trading more shares per day than any other US market. It is home to companies that are leaders across all areas of business, including technology, retail, communications, financial services, transportation, media and biotechnology. NASDAQ is the primary market for trading NASDAQ-listed stocks. The company''s own account of its history contains a dazzling array of acclamation for achievements in its brief life to date. NASDAQ does not hide its light under a bushel. Rather it seems to believe that if you do not blow your own trumpet, no one else will. NASDAQ says it has evolved dramatically from its beginnings in 1971 as primarily a US-based equities exchange. Along the way, it says it transformed the world’s capital markets by engineering precedent-setting acquisitions, achieving groundbreaking progress, and empowering people to think differently and businesses to compete more effectively.', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1592730340/Java%20Project/ms2gshs0ievz3hhefdid.jpg', '$13.85 Trillion', 'New York City', 'NASDAQ', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1592730343/Java%20Project/bijcv6nr3qiwkzprlemk.jpg', 'United States', 'EST/EDT', 'https://www.nasdaq.com');
INSERT INTO banksters_db.stock_exchanges (id, currency, description, logourl, market_cap, market_place, name, pictureurl, region, time_zone, website) VALUES ('d1ee7313-435f-41b1-bb30-3b3e8dc329d5', 'USD', 'The NYSE was founded 17.5.1792 when 24 stockbrokers signed the Buttonwood Agreement on Wall Street in New York. On 8.8.1817 the organisation officially became the New York Stock & Exchange Board, later simplified to the New York Stock Exchange. Advances in telegraphic communication allowed buying and selling through the telegraph. By the start of the Civil War, securities, commodities and gold from California, excited participation in the exchange. The location changed several times before settling into present location at 11 Wall Street in 1865. In 1878, telephones were installed, giving investors direct access to brokers on the floor of the exchange. Between the late 1800s and the end of WW I, the NYSE struggled in the wake of international turmoil. Then the stock market crashed 23 October 1929, causing an 89% drop in share prices. The crash led to heavy regulation by the U.S. government. The NYSE subsequently registered with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.', 'http://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1592728987/vtbyanjewbr5jadxz2cy.jpg', '$19.3 trillion', 'New York City', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dyhmxus4n/image/upload/v1592728990/Java%20Project/yxng103d7p3kxu555oxq.jpg', 'United States', 'EST/EDT', 'https://www.nyse.com');
